we supply the bubbles you supply the
cuddles at the world-famous
international in located on Main Street
Hyannis in the heart of Cape Cod the
international in is known for its
first-class accommodations luxury
services and jacuzzi for two in every
room our gazebo garden restaurant offers
delicious fine dining for couples or
groups try our dinner platters for two
famous desserts and breakfast buffets
enjoy our exotic choice of flat breads
wide variety of entrees and of course
our creative libations from the bar in
our gift shop you'll find roses
fresh-cut flowers food wine and intimate
apparel all our rooms are luxuriously
appointed spacious and immaculately kept
the intimate design of our elegant
Suites will please your senses and spark
your romance the chrome Victorian suite
features oversized period furniture
including a king-size four poster bed
cuddle with that special someone in an
oversized heart-shaped six by six foot
jacuzzi surrounded by mirrors and
columns enjoy champagne from our gift
shop dine or just play all day without
ever leaving the comfort of your room
it's bubble then cuddle any time of day
at the international in the plaza suite
features a deluxe living room with
dining area big screen TV and wet bar
French doors lead into a bedroom with a
king-size canopy bed and sunken jacuzzi
on a 12-foot platform with full-length
mirrors and roman columns the
Magnificent princess suite has a
four-poster canopy king bed and
heart-shaped jacuzzi in a mirrored spa
our princess junior suite features a
canopy Dien bed with adjoining mirrored
heart-shaped marble baths
the lavish two room Royal Victorian
suite blends classic Victorian furniture
with modern conveniences a magnificent
four-poster canopy king bed and a marble
bathroom with jacuzzi and our waldorf
suite features a round king-size
mirrored bed and jacuzzi for two it's
excitement and romance for everyone come
cuddle and bubble at the international
in your ultimate Cape Cod vacation
experience